While studying the nature of the SLAM problem,
we concluded that SLAM is a continuous discrete estimation problem.
Discrete component of the SLAM problem has to do with correspondence.
And since it's an important aspect,
we should explicitly includ it in our estimation problem.
Meaning that the posterior should now include
the correspondence values in both of the online and full SLAM problems.
When solving the online SLAM problem,
we will now aim to estimate a posterior over the current pose,
map, and the current correspondence value, c_t,
giving the measurements and controls up to time,
t. On the other hand,
while solving the full SLAM problem,
we will now aim to estimate a posterior over the entire path,
map, and all of the correspondence values,
c_1 up to time, t,
giving all the measurements and controls up to time,
t. Now that we've added
the correspondence values to both the posterior of the online and full SLAM problem,
our ultimate goal of estimating the map
and the robot pose or trajectory remains the same.
The advantage of adding correspondence values to the posterior is to have the robot
better understand where it is located by establishing a relation between objects.
But what about the relation between the online and full SLAM problems?
Now that we've added the correspondence values, is it still the same?
The online SLAM problem is now the result of integrating the robot
poses once at a time and summing over each previous correspondence value.